Subject: An Invitation
From: 孙昊天 <sun@avalon.avalon>

Dear Engineer,

How would you like a chance to work with world-class peers on the top problems facing humanity today, unfettered by provincial governments or corporate hierarchies?

Introducing my latest project: Avalon City. A new idea for organizing human life that combines citizenship and employment into a single concept. Avalon City is the city-state and transnational corporation rolled into one. Physically it takes the form of an advanced, autonomous, networked city built on an artificial platform in international waters. The citizen-employees of Avalon City are scientists and engineers at the top of their fields, recruited from around the globe. It is here that we will work on problems like reversing climate change, developing true clean energy, and solving disease and aging.

You may find my ideas fanciful. But consider the fact that fifty years ago, Shenzhen was nothing but a marshy backwater. In less than one lifetime, the area underwent a complete transformation into one of the world’s largest megacities and a global capital of commerce and technology. It’s a demonstration of just how much human ingenuity can accomplish when a large number of people work as one toward a common goal.

Avalon City will continue that legacy.

As a token of thanks for your efforts on the Avalon project and as a recognition of the brilliant engineering you have done to make it possible, I am pleased to offer you citizenship-employment in Avalon City. Please bear in mind that this is an invitation extended only to a select few.

Your certificate is enclosed.

Sun Haotian
President, Avalon City

-----------

From: Carl Tesky <carl@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

You got one of these invites too, eh? Avalon City?

Can’t say it’s for me. We both’ve seen what he’s building. Surveillance, tracking, it all looks like a bit of a police state to me! I’m sure it’s great if you trust him and he trusts you, but I’m too old to not know the ways that can go wrong. I’d rather take my chances here in the regular world, even if it is all going to pot.

If you decide to go yourself though, cheers. Let me know how the cheese is there.

Carl

----------- (Outro)