Subject: Welcome
From: 王永红 <leader@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

Dear New Employee,

Thank you for joining Shenzhen Longteng Electronics Company Ltd.

We aim to become a world-leading company in the electronics industry and a respected brand with products in homes, offices, and public spaces across the world.

Longteng Electronics was founded on the following principles:

1. Diligence: This means both diligence in your work and diligence in your life. When you encounter a problem, do not give up. Even if you are not talented, by working at it every day, little by little, you can achieve the goal.

2. Connections: The process of creating electronics is the process of creating connections between different components. In the same way, we do business by making connections with other people. Therefore, it is important to always be making “connections” in your work.

3. Salubriousness: An unhealthy mind creates an inefficient design. An unhealthy body builds a defective product. Follow “correct eating,” “correct behavior,” and “correct thinking” in order to maximize your potential.

Please keep these principles in mind as you contribute to our efforts.

王永红
Wang Yonghong, CEO

深圳龙腾科技有限公司
Shenzhen Longteng Electronics Co. Ltd.

----------- 

From: Carl Tesky <carl@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

Ah, fresh meat…

Just kidding. Welcome to southern China! It’s alright, I suppose… except for the heat, smog and lack of decent cheese here in Shenzhen. Still far better than any engineering gig I can find back home in the UK, though. I’m assuming you ended up here for similar reasons?

Carl

----------- 

From: Joe (周海涛) <joe@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

Yooooooo. So I heard you’re our newest ace engineer who’s going to kick ass and take names, am I right? You’ve probably heard all about me already, but I’m the product guy who loves to find amazing opportunities and make deals happen! LET’S DO THIS!!

Joe Haitao
Product Manager

----------- 

From: Wu Lili 吴丽丽 <wulili@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

Greetings and welcome to the team. As you’ve already been made aware, we are on a major international expansion effort and we are very eager to see you bring your skills and expertise to our company.

Lili Wu
Vice President of Product
Longteng Co. LTD

----------- 

From: David 戴维 P. Solomon <daiwei@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

你好! My name is David, or “戴维” in Chinese, and I was brought on to help Longteng with its international push. Though I’ve only recently moved here from San Francisco (where, I should point out, there is a very vibrant Chinatown), I am really loving it so far. It is truly fascinating to see a culture at once so ancient and so modern from up close!

I am sure we will be working closely together to create many successful products. 很高兴认识你!

David 戴维 P. Solomon
International Product Manager
Shenzhen Longteng Electronics Co., Ltd.

----------- 

From: 张杰 <zhangjie@longteng-co-ltd.gd.cn>

Hello. My name is Jie Zhang. I am the chief staff engineer (your boss). I have not managed many foreign workers before, so please understand if I make a mistake here or there.

Anyhow, I will send your first job shortly.

Jie.